Hello there.
This is just a quick video to introduce myself,. So my name is James Raynard.
That's what I look like, or rather it's what I looked like a few years ago.
I don't have any recent photos.
I live in England near the south coast.
I began programming in C++ in 1993, which is quite a long time ago.
I developed software in C++ for a number of large companies in the UK and continental Europe, mainly
in banking and telecoms.
I did a few things for a few years and now I work as a freelance instructor.
I've been involved in C++ courses with Deutsche Bank, Citadel and Morgan Stanley in Britain, America
and India. In my spare time I do ballroom dancing, or at least I used to before lookdown, also photography
and walking in the country.
So that's a little about me.
And now let's get on with the course!